chore: add deprecation warning for the default of contextIsolation (#23507)
electron/electron: docs/breaking-changes.md

## Planned Breaking API Changes (12.0)

### Default Changed: `contextIsolation` defaults to `true`

In Electron 12, `contextIsolation` will be enabled by default.  To restore

> original behavior, `contextIsolation: false` must be specified in WebPreferences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the previous behavior, `contextIsolation: false` must be specified in WebPreferences.
```
